in the year that King Uzziah died I saw
the Lord sitting on a throne high and
lifted up and the Train of his robe
filled the temple above it stood
Seraphim each one had six wings with two
he covered his face with two he covered
his feet and with two he flew and one
cried to another and said holy holy holy
is the Lord of hosts the whole earth is
full of his glory and the posts of the
door were shaken by the voice of him who
cried out and the house was filled with
smoke so I said woe is me for I am
undone because I am a man of unclean
lips and I dwell in the midst of a
people of unclean lips for my eyes have
seen the king the Lord of hosts then one
of the Seraphim flew to me having in his
hand a live coal which he had taken with
the tongs from the altar and he touched
my mouth with it
behold this has touched your lips your
iniquity is taken away and your sin
purged also I heard the voice of the
Lord saying who
shall I send and who will go for us
Here I am send me go and tell this
people keep on hearing but do not
understand keep on seeing but do not
perceive make the heart of this people
dull and their ears heavy and shut their
eyes lest they see with their eyes and
hear with their ears and understand with
their heart and return and be healed
Lord how long until the cities are laid
waste and without inhabitant the houses
are without a man
the land is utterly desolate the Lord
has removed men far away and the
Forsaken places are many in the midst of
the land but yet a tenth will be in it
and will return and be for consuming as
a terebinth tree or as an oak whose
stump remains when it is cut down
so the holy seed shall be its stump
[Music]